Changes to Model Reg intro.md + added links to new youtube series (#505)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/model_registry/intro.md

    run.finish()
```

> 4. **Test and deploy your model**: Transition model versions through customizable workflows stages, such as `staging` and `production`, and [trigger](./automation.md) webhooks or jobs as a result.

Reviewer: Confused by this sentence....

Author: ```suggestion
4. **Connect model transitions to CI/DC workflows**: transition candidate models through workflow stages and automate downstream actions with webhooks or jobs
```
